NOTICK: Update CLI Package plugin readme (#2442)
corda/corda-runtime-os: tools/plugins/package/README.md

keytool -importcert -keystore signingkeys.pfx -storepass "keystore password" -noprompt -alias gradle-plugin-default-key -file gradle-plugin-default-key.pem
```

### Trust your own signing key

> The plugin does not currently trust the private keys within the keystore when doing validation. To trust those keys, export them as certificates and import them into the keystore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin does not currently trust the signing keys within the keystore when doing verification. To trust those keys, export them as certificates and import them into the keystore.
```

```shell
keytool -exportcert --keystore signingkeys.pfx --storepass "keystore password" -alias "signing key 1" -rfc -file signingkey1.crt
keytool -exportcert --keystore signingkeys.pfx --storepass "keystore password" -alias "signing key 2" -rfc -file signingkey2.crt

keytool --import --keystore signingkeys.pfx --storepass "keystore password" --file signingkey1.crt

> keytool --import --keystore signingkeys.pfx --storepass "keystore password" --file signingkey2.crt

Reviewer: Nit: think we can change `import` option to `importcert`, seems a bit more meaningful. We have been using `importcert` elsewhere so more consistent too.

Author: Done
